hey everybody it's chasing wahi here and
it's time for part for the Monday QA
supposed to do this one well chin-ups
deadlifts and face pulls done twice a
week build a well-developed back my main
concern is that I might miss out on some
bag development I also squat twice a
week as well yeah I think that'll get it
done you're not missing any major
muscles everything's getting properly
stimulated with those three movements
you can build a well-developed back off
of that unless you're back genetics just
suck in which case you're probably going
to need some runs also I generally don't
think that anyone needs both rows and
chin ups at the same time unless their
back is just a really alighting muscle
group that I think a deadlift combined
with some sort of chin up or pull up
that or a deadlift combined with a row
will get the job done the face pulls are
just there to bring up the rear delts
and is a good pre ab exercise and of
course that extra rear that work
finishes off how you're going to look
for a mind that will generally get the
job done trap development if you're not
genetically best in the traction might
need some shrugs but that's going to
depend on the individual and how you
respond to the other exercises so again
it comes down to genetics but there are
plenty of people out there a good
segment of the population who if they
train hard enough and heavy enough on
those three exercises you listed should
be okay and if you're not then you have
to suss that as an individual and add in
the rose and the shrugs and whatever you
happen to need all right next question
Jason when trying to drop weight for
sports rowing in my case whilst
maintaining or retaining muscle would
you reduce caloric intake directories
overall workload to be least detrimental
to performance and said sport well you
can't decrease your workload in your
actual sport and I think you met
increase workload in the gym I would be
reluctant if you're already a hard
training athletes
more weight lifting to lose weight to
create a bigger calorie deficit may bury
yourself at the workload I would
generally recommend reducing calories
just slightly and if you need to
increasing your workload on all your
endurance work that you're doing for
your sport but you need to assess your
individual recovery when you start
increasing workload if you're a hard
training athlete and you're watching my
channel you probably weight lift also so
you're already lifting and then you're
doing all your rowing your workload is
already really really high you burn a
lot of calories you may not really
benefit further by it by adding more to
it you might just beat yourself up so i
would go ahead and consider dietary
manipulation first and see how it goes
and the thing to remember though is it
with a serious athlete a
performance-based athlete you cannot
drop weight quickly you can't do like
these bodybuilders do and go oh I'm just
going to lose two pounds a week for the
next ten weeks you try to do as a
preform example that you could find
yourself in trouble very very quickly
alright next question thoughts on
adrenal fatigue a while doesn't believe
it actually exists now this one is so
debated you know I'm extremely skeptical
that it exists and by skeptical it means
I would like to see some evidence I
agree absolutely that there are central
nervous system that particularly seem to
be peripheral nervous system fatigue
involved with your training and it
absolutely can affect performance at
effects recovery but as far as it
actually being the adrenal glands
themselves reducing output because of
the adrenal response from training hard
it's a cute theory I don't see the
evidence for it but at the end of the
day we know how the body seems to
respond as far as the nervous system
maybe not we don't understand the full
mechanisms behind what's going on but we
know how it affects it in the real world
and so we do know how basic recovery
works and so knowing whether the adrenal
fatigue or not as real isn't relevant
to it and it might turn out to be real
but I really haven't seen the evidence
for it and while some coaches do believe
in it I do know a lot of coaches who
don't I know some very intelligent very
educated coaches who think it's just a
myth alright guys that's really all I
have to say on that today hope it has
been informative and I will talk to you
guys next time in part 5